Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
iPhone: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
iPhone: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. What we're going to do today is we're going to complete your bps bio cycles social
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't take very long. I just got to ask you a bunch of questions. Okay.
iPhone: I got pulled into work early so I only have about like 30 ish minutes, is that okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, we'll be done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. Alright, so the first question is wanting to know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has made you decide to come to bright heart and why now.
iPhone: I just wanted to come the bright heart because I've been trying to you know get clean on my own for probably at least like the last year.
iPhone: And I always end up relaxing, because the with withdrawals are like so gnarly, you know,
iPhone: So I was looking for some type of treatment involving Suboxone because I'm in my area. The only things that I really available is like methadone.
iPhone: And then when I go to Methadone route.
iPhone: So I simply just Googled online Suboxone clinics and us for the first pop up and
iPhone: I've been pretty confident in this so far.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and tell me a little bit. Can you tell me about your history of use. What was the first substance that you use. What age were you and how did it progress from there.
iPhone: Well, I first started like SMOKING WEED WHEN I WAS 11
iPhone: But then that progressed to like other drugs when I was younger and then i like about seven or eight years ago, my dad had 10 strokes at one time.
iPhone: And had brain aneurysms and a whole bunch of stuff and, naturally, he was prescribed pain killers.
iPhone: So I started taking a couple of those from him for practice sets at the time.
iPhone: And then
iPhone: They didn't know I was taking him and he was on so many that would like it. It wasn't even noticed you know
iPhone: You know, my friends started taking stuff like that, too. So then I started taking things like allotted nothing. My dad like on the street.
iPhone: From my friends.
iPhone: And then like morphine and then it turned into like strictly pretty much morphine for the last couple of years.
iPhone: Where I would just take the pills, but I was on my country like 507 hundred milligrams a day.
iPhone: It's kind of like picking it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and any pain issues.
iPhone: Yeah.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next piece is wanting to know if you've had any past substance abuse treatment or mental health treatment.
iPhone: I've had mental health treatment.
iPhone: I have anorexia and post traumatic stress disorder clinical depression like
iPhone: You know, anxiety, things like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past suicide attempt.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you just give me a little information on them. What age and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, how far did you go
iPhone: I've attempted between like 10 and 12 times the first time when I was 12 and the most recent time was about, like, a year and a half ago.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: The closest I ever got was when I was like 14 and I took, like, three pill bottles. I don't remember what I took at this point.
iPhone: In my Mom got me on the floor.
And and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were 14
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And when was the last time that you had any thoughts.
iPhone: I'm more so in passing type of thoughts now.
iPhone: But last and they're super prevalent was and November, and I went into
iPhone: intensive outpatient for that. But we didn't address my substance abuse settled. I actually haven't told anyone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
iPhone: Not arena about
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Any hassle farm.
iPhone: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did
iPhone: I started when I was eight and
iPhone: I go through like phases. Now in my adulthood, where I don't do it for years. But then I'll get an urge and do. It's the last time I did it was in November.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: November. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the next part of it wants to know about your family dynamics are growing up. So wants to know, What was it like growing up in your household where your parents together was there drugs and alcohol mental health in the home. Do you have any siblings.
iPhone: Yeah, I have a brother and sister, and they're twins and they both have severe autism.
iPhone: Um, my parents are married. I've been married for you know 24 years
iPhone: And they still are, like, very happy, happy together.
iPhone: For the most part, my dad did attempt kind of
iPhone: Once when I was 10 i'm i'm down in the garage and I would like the only suicide stuff. I know about it. My family because most of my family lives in Ireland.
iPhone: But it really know much about them. But as like substance abuse and Chef know
iPhone: My parents were both pretty
iPhone: You know, straight and now
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay I'm going back a little bit further, tell me what it was like for in school for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate. Did you have friends, which get bullied, you know,
iPhone: I graduated I graduated early
iPhone: With a 4.2
iPhone: But I did get bullied pretty severely in elementary school and middle school in high school.
iPhone: So and pulling out and doing homeschool for most of high school, because that's available and was
iPhone: Yeah, I had a couple
iPhone: Times I was sexually assaulted in high school as well.
iPhone: And after high school
iPhone: Yeah, I was mostly just like really severe bullying and
iPhone: Trying to deal with that. Come on down. Sorry, my dog.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any legal issues past or present
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you hear me.
iPhone: I know I didn't want to say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I said, Do you have any legal issues past or present
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Financial stressors in your life right now.
iPhone: About protecting you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you currently in a relationship or marriage.
iPhone: I'm in a relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay any kids though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and what is your family environment like that you live in right now is a supportive for you to engage in treatment or is are using and then
iPhone: My mom is probably the most supportive person on my team, to be honest.
iPhone: My Dad, stop is grab the whole bunch of painkillers. This is essentially dying right now.
iPhone: But those are locked away in a safe. You know, when I can't get to them.
iPhone: But outside of that, there's not really any like substance use at all, my dad and brother, both locally like middies annoying.
iPhone: Pretty much just in the evenings and then my brother also has a chronic wound as a chronic pain slave. I'll just use it for pain management.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and tell me some of the things that you want to work on why you're working with bright heart.
iPhone: I kind of want to get to like the root issues of why I started using so heavily
iPhone: Which essentially know why but you know kind of addressing those problems more head on and you know not nothing myself.
iPhone: Whenever I'm starting to deal with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
iPhone: And obviously, I would like to stay off of
iPhone: My wife if possible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the rest of your life. Are you engaged in our map program.
iPhone: I am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I was just looking to see who your therapist was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
iPhone: Dr. James my
iPhone: So the other person I met with
iPhone: Dr.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr. She's your doctor prescribing doctor. They've got me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As your therapist. So what we're gonna do is we're going to schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weekly appointments, you and I and start looking at the corporate and really kind of dive in a little bit. See where where we can go, what we can get out what we can get you walking through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just kind of help you along in this in this whole process. Okay.
iPhone: Yeah, I was like that. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me, what, what would be your ideal date and time.
iPhone: Um, well, I work nights. So I prefer a bit later in the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
iPhone: But pretty much any day works for me. Tuesday. Is there a little touchy, because sometimes I get called in early
iPhone: But for the most part I don't work until 5pm every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and what Dave, you go to group.
iPhone: Once, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it would have to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thursdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because Tuesdays are really tight for me to Monday's I'm in group all day Fridays, and my group all day. So it would be thirsty. So let me take a look and see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really fast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What time does I'm
iPhone: Almost always off of work as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How about 11 o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 11 o'clock, a good time.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright so let me see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week's the 2627
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay me just double check in here and make sure they don't have somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Perfect. Okay, so let me get you in there before they do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My computer's being a little bit slow.
iPhone: That's okay.
iPhone: Sorry, I think I'm coming down with a
iPhone: Clinton. I'm a little slow
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's going around, that's for sure.
iPhone: Yeah, I work in food. So I'm always around kids money and
iPhone: I got it.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: St.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely germs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something's going on. It doesn't want to give it to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm going to write you in and then I'll go back into it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: February 27 there'll be our first first one and will devise a specific treatment plan together on what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Specifically, that you want to work on.
iPhone: You said 11pm or am I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Am sorry
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: I mean, that works for me too, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am off by that time, that's
iPhone: For sure. Okay. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Unless
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He is. He
iPhone: Is he, is he, but I actually prefer to go by the name Libby like I'd be like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and then your last name.
iPhone: To lol
iPhone: I am
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: ALL RIGHT. I HAVE YOU DOWN FOR THE 27th at 11am you'll come through the virtual clinic, like you did today, and they'll give you the zoom number to come in and meet me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we're done. See, I told her was pretty painless.